Mr. Shen, I really can't drink anymore
Have another drink
How dare you hit me, stinky bitch, what are you pretending to be?
Whole Nature Entertainment
How many people are queuing up to eat with me?
Hit you how
I'm the general manager of Nature Entertainment
I just put you to sleep, what can you do to me?
Let go of me!
No one will come to your rescue even if you ask for a broken throat.
Let go of me hahaha
Let go of me!
I'm here no
My brother Jie, my brother Jie, save me
No one can save you today
Come here dear
Humph
How can I meet you anywhere?
I'm so unlucky
Where is he? Muyan is inside
Talk about cooperation with the god of Star Entertainment
Star Entertainment is the top goose in the entertainment industry
Even if you are the respected teacher of the Promise Palace
I'm afraid you can't provoke it at will
Get out if you know